gambling presents
[music]
assassin's creed 3 liberation
released on playstation vita towards the end
2012 was probably one of
The most ambiguous parts of the famous
series
in yubisoft promised to create you
assassin's creed full gameplay
portable console and promise in
Generally kept back however the game was
overflowed with bugs which franchise
seemingly stepped back in times
the second part however on sony's prototype
that time was for the most part
beggar and the game sold a good circulation
largely due to this
Yubisoft decided to move the game to large
platforms
promising to correct the main disadvantages
besides muddy graphics and project
abounded in gods and problems with sound
plus a boring plot and monotonous
tasks
overcome old diseases to developers
only partially succeeded
graphics really lifted to new
level
coming close to the third part
so the hd prefix game is quite
deserved besides high resolution
texture developers and serious
changed the color palette so that
the game world no longer looks like this
gray and depressed but many
characters
despite the new textures remained
square with updated surroundings they
contrasted very noticeably disappearing
the sound is also overcome
can not you say about other mistakes heroine
can still suddenly go under
the ground get stuck in the wall or float by
to air
but now at least the frame rate is not
however, many players fail
would be willing to endure but that is boring
the plot is hardly with this developers too
planned to handle adding tasks
who plug holes in the whole script
the story of course remains the same
still new 18th century orleans
still plentiful as a daughter of a slave and
noble lord is still fighting for
freedom of the black population of america
version for the species sinned illogical
building stories of Avellino in the fight for
slave freedom was actually practiced
It is not clear how she helped her father in
doing business
eliminated competitors helped
smugglers in the swamps got into
political intrigue and only occasionally
contributed to the escape from the plantation
a couple of other slaves from the next
grandees
yes and traditional confrontation
asasinov and templar in the game almost not
there were additional tasks not
corrected
and it is impossible to fix as a whole
bad pair scenarios and fresh missions
look for these missions with a magnifying glass yes
and especially interesting
call it all too snooping and long
running around the city in the rest of the same game
Changes have not undergone retaining and pluses
and cons plan and kill key
opponents are interested in this in a series not
take away and now engage in parkour in the new
Orleans are almost entirely composed
from the two-story wooden boxes boring
change the mask pretending to be a slave
penetrate the plantation and the secular ladies
to get to the ball it captures
and perform side quests as before
bothers after an hour
game like 2 years ago can not be called
bad but today amid a huge and
polished assassin's creed 4
liberation loses frankly
the modest size of the world no matter how not cool
go to no comparison with scale 4
part
[music]